"Rather than pushing children to think like adults, we might do better to remember that they are great learners and to try harder to be more like them." ~ Seymour Papert

"The goal is to teach in such a way as to produce the most learning from the least teaching." ~ Seymour Papert

"The scandal of education is that every time you teach something, you deprive a [student] of the pleasure and benefit of discovery." ~ Seymour Papert

"A wealth of information creates a poverty of attention." ~ Herbert Simon

"Enlightenments, like accidents, happen only to prepared minds." ~ Herbert Simon

"Solving a problem simply means representing it so as to make the solution transparent." ~ Herbert Simon

"Every time we teach a child something, we keep him from inventing it himself. On the other hand, that which we allow him to discover for himself will remain with him visible for the rest of his life." ~ Jean Piaget

"Teaching means creating situations where structures can be discovered." ~ Jean Piaget

"Intelligence is what you use when you don't know what to do." ~ Jean Piaget

"Information is not knowledge. The only source of knowledge is experience. You need experience to gain wisdom." ~ Albert Einstein

"The more I study science, the more I believe in God." ~ Albert Einstein

"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." ~ Albert Einstein

"Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results." ~ Albert Einstein

"I would rather have questions that can't be answered than answers that can't be questioned." ~ Richard P. Feynman

"It doesn't matter how beautiful your theory is, it doesn't matter how smart you are. If it doesn't agree with experiment, it's wrong." ~ Richard P. Feynman

"Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent and original manner possible." ~ Richard P. Feynman

"What I cannot create, I do not understand." ~ Richard P. Feynman

"Consciousness cannot be accounted for in physical terms. For consciousness is absolutely fundamental. It cannot be accounted for in terms of anything else." ~ Erwin Schrodinger

"Consciousness is a singular for which there is no plural." ~ Erwin Schrodinger

"What we observe is not nature itself, but nature exposed to our method of questioning." ~ Werner Heisenberg

"If you don't work on important problems, it's not likely that you'll do important work." ~ Richard Hamming

"The nervous system and the automatic machine are fundamentally alike in that they are devices, which make decisions on the basis of decisions they made in the past." ~ Norbert Wiener

"Do not try to do everything. Do one thing well." ~ Steve Jobs

"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition." ~ Steve Jobs

"The most important decisions you make are not the things you do, but the things you decide not to do." ~ Steve Jobs
